#EXTM3U 

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQn2PbGFvZGUdHkx1bhbqgFApUkQnS3aBCJRw&s" group-title="LIVE TV", Anando TV Bangla
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/anandatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjI0OjU0IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9TlByNklWS0RraCt4YlpVTy9oNWlvQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MAy9oNWlvQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT6ln4rwXBygeF9uP10EegsLUbJYCUwdRyVffG8JBKnyHrKbfk4NSL0QgGN&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Asian tv
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/asian-test-sample-ok-d.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjI1OjUxIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9TVVFa04yS3RRVFFlS21mRVZZOXEzUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTrScGuSxAkZ6XrPxFPKx5feE0E17v0bHmNktgMgi-ybovdmwFWs5pL1FU&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Atn Bangla
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/atnbd-8-org.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjI2OjM1IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9ckdKMFk1RUVWZWJ3MTRoZ1RTdTVIZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT-XHBiDZ6csLBytqkYPoJmfUVVZPlxk4QvjIGBBpbk12SiMLJK1tkn6j0z&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Atn Bangla Uk
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/atnbanglauk-off.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjMwOjU2IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bTZ4dERadkVtem5wakRhQTk1SDdHdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ4JPD5hztRxjfYiR5c1wNlZAY6sZiaZAkkZ6Ka9arndt2pZXDtHg_VuJI&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Atn Music
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/atnmusic.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjMyOjA3IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9M09zNWVlVjZwbTNLOXV1NTIweUE4dz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ4JPD5hztRxjfYiR5c1wNlZAY6sZiaZAkkZ6Ka9arndt2pZXDtHg_VuJI&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Atn Islamic
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/atnislamictv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjMxOjQyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9R3M1WDBHRWg4YnVrSlAxU1JOSVE3dz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRYJeP3EUwJLq8sjuc_7Nn52Gk_OJxxAMA2uc1yJxR57LHCtcfs-ku51gzj&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Atn News
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/atnws-sg.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjMzOjEyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9SHlHMndsMERTRHA5SE4weEJ2QnhFUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ4lPPs9QsjYWuIKuwCxclbK7Adi02DQ3PZRqYpUFGgZXKAvcaWqB0Xs9E&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", B24C
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/b24c.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjMzOjQyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9Y3lidFRoL2IrbjhKT01FbHcrZ2gydz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://fyfl.short.gy/Nadim1.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", Bangla 21  HD
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/bangla21tv000889956-sg.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM0OjIzIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9a2RSQlRZVHRtODlvQlhENlJUUllyQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT1hPBiCRZEwKM3BMdFnj83x-ltSSDsY3kYpfV6Vzv5fUhC1M_Z10BsovA&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Bangla vision HD
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/banglav000.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM0OjUwIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9TzJ6VTVlYk9YbXpJUFZaU2xGYXdwQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/ytc/AIdro_l6c-PPJ1sgFS7b37M7GXWTsuJhHVO2eh81N2Okr6HGzQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="LIVE TV", Bijoy Tv hd
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/bijoy00.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM2OjM0IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9Z2pFOGtuQmRmSVE4Qk9MQVJDbVJ1UT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSo70-sxW1iAFj1mQxFX7U6tC08rwFq0lZqV0MdpCZrEXrtHQslnKDi5v4J&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Biswa Bangla
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/biswabanglatv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM3OjEyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9aTFRKzhISmFKaWppQTEzZnAyRDM2dz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTAxonfSS_MlKMUxI_3xw3oDPnl2UabckSQgvKckAH29f5tl2MhGXZaOwM&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Boishakhi Tv
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/boishakhitv-org.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM3OjQ2IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9QTIzOTgvRHlBTzExYzNhL1VEc2FMUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://fyfl.short.gy/Nadim1.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", BTv World
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/btvbd-office-sg.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM4OjMyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9a1puZDg2K1BiVFJrcERmZzJHQVU0dz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQPlClWrsXnqhk5d12YgXqLRCwPTFmVFy0hqj2XScnh7M1OSHEJVms7h_E&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", CB 24 TV
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/cb24.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjM5OjAxIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9ZEJtK3o5WFo2MHIyNTNLczRLTlJ3Zz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Channel24logo.svg" group-title="LIVE TV", CHannel 24
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/channel24-sg-e8e.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjQxOjI0IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9a1BhK1I3R3hiaHErT2oyVUdsMHN4Zz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/4a/Logo_for_the_Web_Channel_Channel_5.jpeg" group-title="LIVE TV", Channel 5
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/batv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUwOjA4IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9bjN0aSswMzJNTU0xKzdzZG42NEVEUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRAtibqLaxAkUq2AjMg82-Prpk1rGvY1rXRMPUtPcd1j-H-P6VmkOiD6V0&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Channel 9
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/channel9hd.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUwOjQ1IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9Rk5uUlIrUmVhK1JmbmYxd2dVd3lhZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTHghA-axG3PTV1pV4mRg4NNKVzBKLVeP6vOQ&s" group-title="LIVE TV", Channel A1
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/cha1.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUxOjE0IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9eG1hdCtPMjNvWHR3NVRodmloSEFzdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRSiw3LQx9aOT6AtDERYNLe83JgoUcINa5vFA&usqp=CAU" group-title="LIVE TV", Europe channels
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/channeleurope.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUxOjQ4IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9aUVWZ0tYWm5GdHlIMDBQWi9HY29vZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSxT37QeLoNwrMrzrL8NUx_sA4tyZw0hnHoqF5RhwENo_TOP2Z29HYAMAk&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Channels S
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/channels.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUyOjE5IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9WmZtWjduWUlkdW1zMzlka25mZy9iQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSIxk_bi1E3HyR250jdF2bpdHWWl9CJqErcE3vHWJXjYeA3vGS_lsMGGMg&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Channels S uk
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/chsukoff.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUyOjU0IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9aGRGTVZ1a0RhWjRoN0htaWg1WStDdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="data:image/png;base64,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" group-title="LIVE TV", Channel I
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/channeli-8-org.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjUzOjIzIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9QSsvTFNZQWxOblhKaHhWcmtrdjIzZz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://yt3.googleusercontent.com/ytc/AIdro_mcjICfjqYwOn4eljNmtsZLBpOmW0t0JlzJUhXSslAkBVo=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="LIVE TV", DBC NEWS
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/dbcnews.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjU0OjU2IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9REU2TU9UQUZZcGZjQmFSZ0FOUnZUQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Deentv.png" group-title="LIVE TV", DEEN TV
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/deentv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjU1OjI4IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9TmoxQUcwdUdzQWFzUFNleWVwVmJvdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR4CfF8DO73YRrwEy8BaKuc769Th5lZI9d5NVCVHoxEPWnGiqHtl35S2PC8&s=10" group-title="LIVE TV", Desh tv
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/deshtv.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjU2OjE5IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9cXA4VkUxd1NQbm5jTlZtNFdUZnJvdz09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/739539785304281088/zMwNO936_400x400.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", Deshe Bideshi
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/deshebideshe.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjU2OjQ1IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9YW9KbDVXQUVnNUFxalEzQUpRWHE5QT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://fyfl.short.gy/Nadim1.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", Dw
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/dwnews.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAxOjU5OjA5IFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9UUpkN3cvbndnT2hmOU5WTWhPL2UzUT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/5/57/Ekattor_TV_logo.svg/1200px-Ekattor_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="LIVE TV", Ekhattor
https://app.ncare.live/c3VydmVyX8RpbEU9Mi8xNy8yMDE0GIDU6RgzQ6NTAgdEoaeFzbF92YWxIZTO0U0ezN1IzMyfvcGVMZEJCTEFWeVN3PTOmdFsaWRtaW51aiPhnPTI2/ekattor.stream/playlist.m3u8?wmsAuthSign=c2VydmVyX3RpbWU9MTAvMTQvMjAyNCAyOjAwOjAyIFBNJmhhc2hfdmFsdWU9WVBqZTFjT0VPdkdudW9NMEtpT2ROQT09JnZhbGlkbWludXRlcz00MA==
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://fyfl.short.gy/Nadim1.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", 

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Mirazofficial" tvg-logo="https://fyfl.short.gy/Nadim1.jpg" group-title="LIVE TV", 



